Chris Bucker:
This summer I had spent most of my time relaxing and learning some new skills outside of coding. Due to the ongoing pandemic I lost any opportunity to get an internship
so I decided to learn some kitchen skills. I learned how to make various types of foods from scratch, such as pizza. I also began learning how to bake, my favourite
being oatmeal cookies from scratch. It was a lot of fun to get my mind off the chaos going on in the world and learn a new skill.

Daniel Gonzalez:
I spent a lot of time relaxing this summer because of the onging pandemic. I spent some time taking some online courses to catch up with credits. Most of my time was
spent playing videogames and hanging out with some friends online. I did take a little bit of time to do some cooking and learn new recipes. I have also been playing D&D
with my friends online and am currently DMing a game for them. It has been a lot of fun and a lot of work to come up with all the homebrew material I am using.

Michael Keen:
This summer I was supposed to have an internship, but I ended up losing the opportunity due to COVID. To make up for it, I decided to enroll in several Udemy courses to 
sharpen my skills in computers and programming. I took courses involving Linux administration, website hacking, building apps with Python, security and anonymity, network
hacking, etc. I enjoyed these courses a lot, as they were things that I'd wanted to learn for a while. Aside from computers, I spent time with my friends and girlfriend,
worked at Taco Bell, read a few books, and just took some time to unwind from the hectic spring semester.

Wyatt Lawrence:
I applied to as many places as I could for a summer internship, but I didn't land one. So instead, I worked landscaping this summer. I took a vacation with my family to 
Pigeon Forge, TN, then to Charleston, SC. I also went camping in the Upper Peninsula of Michigan with friends. Being in the wilderness for a week, with no power or cell signal,
was an interesting experience. I love doing music stuff as a hobby. This summer I learned more about music production/mastering, and synthesizers. I just bought a harp, but
it hasn't arrived yet. I've wanted to learn the harp for years.

Brevin Wittmer:
During the month of May I was activly appling for jobs in my hometown and nothing was coming from it.  I decided to take the summer off as none of the jobs were answering me.
For the most part I stayed indoors and didn't leave the house, besides to go sit outside.  Near the end of summer I decided to go out more but I knew that I needed to start getting
ready to return to campus.  I started cleaning up my computer and deleting excise files and programs that I don't use or will not be using for this school year, and I helped my dad
propose to his now fiance during our 4th of July celebrations.

Riley Stetler:
I spent my summer working as many hours at Insomnia Cookies as I could during this pandemic considering I could no longer work my tech support job on campus. Outside of working,
I picked up a hobby in making mixed drinks, so I basically run my own bar in my apartment from time to time. Another thing that I did for most of the summer was streaming games such
as Animal Crossing, Warzone, and more recently Dead by Daylight. I did get to finally spend time with my family for a few weeks because I couldn't work due to transitioning between
apartments.